KPA Alliance -- Going Forward

Now that the kill event is done, I wanted to take a moment and go over a few
things with everyone. We have a lot of players new to our alliance, and we
have a number that are returning to us. Both of these things will bring
about some changes, so this is a good time to remind everyone of what we
do here in KPA.

I. Resource Assistance

We've gotten much stronger in the time I've been the leader of this alliance,
but as we saw with this kill event, we're still not where we need to be in
order to be able to defend ourselves well. That said, I was very impressed 
with how everyone handled the raids we dealt with, and am delighted to see
that, for the most part, we defended ourselves very well.

I would like to have 2 or 3 new 20+ castles in our alliance within the next
month. Along with that, I would like to see 8-12 16+ castles to support the
strongest ones in that same time frame. So our push is still to get everyone
to get to T6 troops as soon as possible.

To do that, everyone should know that we ask to to NOT USE the resource 
request button when asking for help. Let me clarify: in this alliance, no one
is obligated to provide resources to anyone using the trade center resource
requests. The reason for this is that we must prioritize providing resources
to those who need to build either a wall or a castle. When major raids happen
and we have large numbers of troops to heal, requests for resource assistance
are appropriate.

DO NOT ask for resources to help build any other buildings in your estate. 
DO NOT ask for resources in advance and then sit on them until you're 
actually ready to build.
DO NOT hoard your own resources when the call is put out to help support
someone in building their wall or castle. We will be watching who is actually
helping, and those who provide no assistance to their fellow alliance members
will not receive help themselves.

For the time being, I am asking everyone to wait until they have gathered all
but AT MOST 2 million each of wood and food before asking for help. Quantities
larger than this put a large burden on the resources of everyone, especially
when more than one player is ready at the same time.

If you find you have more resources than you can currently use and nobody is
currently in need of help for a wall or castle, it is appropriate to offer 
them for other construction purposes. Storing resources in the alliance
warehouse is a *very good* idea, especially to have a reserve to help in a
final push to a castle upgrade or to heal troops after a raid.

II. Attacking other players

DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, ATTACK OR SCOUT A PLAYER IN KKR. They *will*
retaliate, and there will be absolutely nothing that we can do about it. They
*will* destroy our fortress and all our alliance buildings, leaving us with
about as close to nothing as is possible.

For the time being, stay out of the way of any players in AGW. We have an
(short term at least) agreement with them as they responded well to our
request to leave us alone during an attempted raid in the last kill event.

If you choose to engage in PvP activities, look through the alliance rankings
and be certain that the alliance you are raiding is not much stronger than we
are. Poking bears gets you (and the rest of us) eaten. It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
that you check with any R4 or R5 player before attacking active players.

III. Donating

One of your dailies is to make alliance donations. This is a very good thing
for every player to do. Not only does donating provide you with rewards 
(players who donate above a certain amount receive a substantial amount of
resources at the end of a week) and points with which you can purchase
valuable tools in the alliance store, but it also provides our entire alliance 
with essential buffs to help defend ourselves and to be more effective in 
offensive capabilities. 

We are now a level 11 alliance, which means we can now donate to alliance
knowledge through the Strategy Center. This is a very good thing to do, and
is to be considered our donation priority. The capabilities provided by a
strategy center are a key to being able to defend ourselves from here on out.
Donations at the strategy center demand more of your resources than at the
normal donation window (8k vs 5-6k of either wood or food), so you should use
your own judgement on what is appropriate for you at any time. But do remember
that THE DONATION PRIORITY IS THE STRATEGY CENTER for the foreseable future.

IV. Future Strategy

Especially with the regularity of kill events, it is highly recommended that
you acquire a number of estate shields. These should be used prudently, and
only to protect large quantities of resources that can't immediately be used
or to protect troops when major raids are occuring. Note that shields WILL NOT
work during red guard events. If you are being attacked and have few resources,
your priority should be to move your troops to an already shielded estate
first. 

The key to dealing with raids is frustration. If a powerful estate telports to
our alliance and starts attacking, moving troops out of the way (so time is
spent on an attack that results in no kills) or waiting until the last moment
to put up a shield are valuable because there are two commodoties of attacking
players that we have a great deal of control over--their time and their
patience. Stymying their efforts to acquire resources or kills is more
effective than an outright retalliation attack, because the power difference
is really large in this game. There's no point in attacking an estate that is
3, 4, even 10 levels higher than us, because all we'll do is lose all of our
troops without even the option to heal them. Let them send a march, then
burn up resources we have and move troops to safety so that the cost of 
teleporting to our alliance far outweighs the benefits looted from our
estates.

For red guard events and underworld rallies, we need to do a better job of
planning ahead and running them at times when enough of our players are online.
We are at the stage with the underworld rallies that defeating the boss in the
half hour alloted time requires NO FEWER than 3 rallies occurring 
simultaneously. Estates next to the gates are responsible for establishing 
those rallies, and should have their halls of war upgraded as much as possible
to maximize the rally sizes. Other participating players should join rallies
nearest to them ideally, but any will be fine. Remember that you get rewards
even if you don't participate in the rallies if you have at least donated keys
to unlock the gates.

As far as red guard events go, I believe we are well versed in the best
practices there. Just remember to send reinforcments to other estates, 
especially those who may not be online during the event. When you are defeated
two times, you will no longer be attacked, BUT YOU SHOULD STILL REINFORCE any
other players still in the event. You will accrue points for yourself and for
the alliance for both defending your own estate and defending others.

For reference, the red guard events happen in 20 waves. Waves 7, 14, and 17
are bosses. Only a few of the remaining players are targeted in those waves,
so it is best to bring your troops back to either defend yourself (if you are
targeted) or to defend others in that wave. Waves 10 and 20 are fortress
rounds. After waves 9 and 19, bring all your troops home, and wait for one of
the highest level players to get troops into the fortress. THE FIRST PLAYER
LISTED IN THE FORTRESS DETERMINES HOW MANY TROOPS WE CAN HOLD THERE. High
level players, remember that you only need a single troop in place at the 
fortress to make this possible. It requires one of your marches, but you can
add to the garrisoned troops if at least one is already there.

If you have any other questions about gameplay or strategy, talk with any of
the R4 players or the established R3 players. Help each other out, and above
all, have lots of fun! This is an alliance where we support each other and
celebrate our successes. I'm proud of you all, and glad to be a part of this
unique team.

]nfernal ]3ullfrog
